Save model info (#336)
stfc/janus-core: docs/source/user_guide/python.rst

- `Molecular Dynamics <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-tutorials/blob/main/md.ipynb>`_
- `Equation of State <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-tutorials/blob/main/eos.ipynb>`_
- `Phonons <https://colab.research.google.com/github/stfc/janus-tutorials/blob/main/phonons.ipynb>`_

Calculation outputs
===================

> By default, calculations performed will modify the underlying `ase.Atoms <https://wiki.fysik.dtu.dk/ase/ase/atoms.html>`_ object

Reviewer: Might this be better as:
```suggestion
By default, calculations performed will modify the underlying :class:`ase.Atoms` object
```
?
